Fixes #486 (#490)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Sections/Shared element data schemas/Schemas/IfcSharedBldgElements/Types/IfcArchElementTypeEnum/Documentation.md

> This enumeration defines the different types of elements an _IfcArchElement_ or _IfcArchElementType_ object can fulfill.

Reviewer: Feel free to reject. Just thought it sounds better and fits better with the relationship.
```suggestion
This enumeration defines the different types of elements an _IfcArchElement_ or _IfcArchElementType_ object can be defined as.
```
